Once upon a time there was a land where everyone was very happy. Each person was born with a magic bag which contained an endless supply of warm fuzzies. When these were handed out to other people, they were like the touch of a small child’s hand - so that people felt warmth and caring whenever they received a fuzzy. And because the bags were magic, everyone could ask for and get as many warm fuzzies as they wanted.
很久以前，有一个地方，那的每一个人都很快乐。每个人生来就有一个魔法袋，魔法袋里有无穷无尽的“暖茸茸”。当你把这些“暖茸茸”送给了别人，对方就会觉得像被小朋友的手抚摸了一样，感受到来自你的温暖与关怀。因为这是个魔法袋，每个人都可以随心所欲地要到这些“暖茸茸”。
One day a wicked witch arrived and started a rumour that there would not always be enough fuzzies in the bags. (The witch wanted to sell potions that bring happiness so the free fuzzy supplies were very bad for business.) People started to hold their fuzzies back in case the rumour was true, so just as in the financial markets they ended up causing it to become true.
有一天，有一个邪恶的巫婆编造了一个谣言，说魔法袋里的“暖茸茸”不是无穷无尽的，而是有限的。她之所以编造这个谣言，是因为她想兜售能带来快乐的药水，但人们之间免费给予的“暖茸茸”让她的生意很不好做。谣言散布之后，人们担心这个谣言是真的，就开始停止拿出自己的“暖茸茸”。人们这样做，最终反而使得在金融市场上让谣言成真。
Now the land was not so happy. People gave out fuzzies only sparingly, and even then they wanted one in return each time. Someone invented cold pricklies, which stimulated unpleasant feelings but at least reminded people that they were alive. The wicked witch made a lot of money selling misery cures.
现在这个地方的人变得很不快乐。人们很少给出自己的“暖茸茸”，即使给予，他们也希望对方能有所回报。有些人发明了“冷刺刺”，能刺激人们产生不快乐的感觉，但至少能提醒人们自己是活着的。因此那个邪恶的巫婆通过兜售治愈痛苦的药水赚了很多钱。
A group of people got together and invented plastic fuzzies, where it felt for a moment as if a warm fuzzy had been received but then it became apparent that there was no real feeling behind it from the giver.
还有一群人聚在一起，发明了“塑料茸茸”，开始它会让人们觉得像是收到了“暖茸茸”，但此后越发明显的是，给予者在给予时并没有带真感情。
Eventually a wise traveller came along, saw what had happened and told people that the bags WERE magic and that the more warm fuzzies they gave out, the more would be generated. Some people started to believe the traveller and began to give out more fuzzies. We are now waiting to see them succeed in changing the fuzzy-giving pattern for the better.
最后，有一个聪明的旅人出现了，看到了这里所发生的一切，告诉人们那个魔法袋是有魔法的，人们给出去越多的“暖茸茸”，就会有越多的“暖茸茸”产生。一些人开始相信旅人的话，送出去更多的“暖茸茸”。我们现在等待着去看人们成功地改变给予暖茸茸的模式，使其变得越来越好。
